[clang] Correct end for the `CastOperation.OpRange` (#69480)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now always diagnoses when using non-standard layout types in ``offsetof`` .
  (`#64619: <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/64619>`_)

> - When describing a warning/error in a function-style type converson clang underscored only until
>   the end of the expression we convert from. Now clang underscores the until the closing bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When describing a warning/error in a function-style type conversion Clang underlines only until
  the end of the expression we convert from. Now, Clang underlines until the closing parenthesis.
```
